#summary Config.

= Hibernate Session Interceptor =

The Interceptor class is *com.googlecode.s2hibernate.struts2.plugin.s2hibernatesession.HibernateSessionInterceptor*


= Package _hibernatesession-default_ (version 1.5+) =

     Since *1.5* version you can use the *hibernatesession-default*, that extends *struts-defaults*. This have 2 special Interceptor Stacks:

*basicStackWithHibernateSession*
{{{
<interceptor-stack name="basicStackWithHibernateSession">
    <interceptor-ref name="hibernateSessionInterceptor"/>
    <interceptor-ref name="basicStack"/>
</interceptor-stack>
}}}

*defaultStackWithHibernateSession*
{{{
<interceptor-stack name="defaultStackWithHibernateSession">
    <interceptor-ref name="hibernateSessionInterceptor"/>
    <interceptor-ref name="defaultStack"/>
</interceptor-stack>
}}}

     The default stack for this package is the *defaultStackWithHibernateSession*.

     The *hibernateSessionInterceptor* here is the 

*com.googlecode.s2hibernate.struts2.plugin.s2hibernatesession.HibernateSessionInterceptor* with no parameter (see the topic *Paratemers for Custom Stacks*).



= Configuration Constants by Project _(version 1.5+)_ =

     Since *1.5* version you can configure the plugin once by project using configuration constants. Thie can be done in *struts.properties* or in *struts.xml* (using the *constant* tag).

     The contants are:

  * *_struts2hibernateplugin.defaults.sessionFactoryClass_* - Project Hibernate Session Factory
Example: com.myproject.hibernate.HibernateSessionFactory

  * *_struts2hibernateplugin.defaults.sessionSource_* - Getter in the class named in _sessionFactoryClass_ that returns a Hibernate Sessoin
Example: _session_ (indicates the _getSessao()_ method)

  * *_struts2hibernateplugin.defaults.target_* - Target object in Action. Since *1.5b* version, you can use *Wildcard* (asterisk `*`)  
Examples: _hibernateSession_; _facade.hibernateSession_

Examples using *wildcard* (since *1.5b* version): _hibernateSession`*`_; _`*`Facade.hibernateSession_

  * *_struts2hibernateplugin.defaults.staticGetSessionMethod_* - Is the method named in _sessionSource_ static?. Optional. Default *true*.

  * *_struts2hibernateplugin.defaults.closeSessionAfterInvoke_* - Close the Hibernate Session after Action invokation? Optional. Default *true*.


 _*Important!*_
     Also using this constants, you can create custom Interceptor Stacks with diferent configurations, using paratemers (see the topic *Paratemers for Custom Stacks*).


= Paratemers for Custom Stacks =

  * *_sessionFactoryClass_* - Project Hibernate Session Factory

  * *_sessionSource_* - Getter in the class named in _sessionFactoryClass_ that returns a Hibernate Sessoin

  * *_target_* - Target object in Action. Since *1.5b* version, you can use *Wildcard* (asterisk)  

  * *_staticGetSessionMethod_* - Is the method named in _sessionSource_ static?. Optional. Default *true*.

  * *_closeSessionAfterInvoke_* - Close the Hibernate Session after Action invokation? Optional. Default *true*.